:( Luckily for me I get to see it tomorow , for the 4th time ! :D Oh man... rub it in why do n't you ! !
! not rubbing it in as you are in the cold ... anyways , all the seeds went through in the first round qualifying beating 7 locals , mainly Malaysian juniors . The crowd has n't been massive I would say , but it 's nice to see that we have a few junior players in this event as it can only be good for them .
Then she brought them into the house and delivered the coup de grase with a trowel while me and the telly stood guiltily looking at our shoes . Which I thought was rubbing it in a bit . It rather took the shine off the homecoming .
His achievement was no mean feat , and caused quite a stir in the current wheelersÌÄå¢Ìâ‰âÂÌâ‰ã¢ world . Just to rub it in he subsequently went on to cross most of the Lake District foot passes . At later date , although still before the First World War , a Vernon Blake took his machine over the Sty Head , Black Sail and Scarth Gap , throwing in a fair amount of road work as well , all in one day .
Anyway , Alison , you 're right , it has been really quiet this last week so we 've made the most of it . And in some ways it 's nice but in some ways I hate it , so do n't rub it in , please ! HelenHaricot said : March 29th , 2006 at 22:46 we are really low in the car buying foodchain !
" Wrexham have got some good quality players and obviously they will be relishing the trip down here . " They will be thinking that we are down in the dumps and all they have to do is pass the ball around , play some nice one-twos and really try and rub it in our faces . " We have got to make sure that does n't happen and the young lads have their part to play in that .
Biarritz and their neighbouring club in the Championnat , Bayonne , have a rivalry that puts Bath and Gloucester , for example , well in the shade . Let 's just say that when Bayonne beat Biarritz last year the club coach drove around Biarritz with its horn blaring , just to rub it in . The two clubs are barely a mile apart but are both fighting for the honour of representing the Basque Country and they are chalk and cheese .
: 648 I 'm still waiting . And just to rub it in , i put the holder for the route finder in my car as soon as i got it and so far i 've had my car window smashed twice ! !
I cannot set up the router properly because it 's bloody buggered . You bastards are rubbing it in ! Originally Posted by
One set of spectators will aim a chant at opposition supporters that they know will get right up their noses , and usually they can expect a volley straight back . That transfers to everyday life at work or in the pub , with followers of teams that are enjoying success rubbing it in to fans of teams that are not . There was a twist to this crossfire of taunts that made me , as a Manchester United supporter , laugh on Sunday .
: ) -GeeDee- Niclouse 29th March 2002 , 19:33 thanks Giles ! :D just rub it in why dont cha ! !
3. I 'd ban the media from speaking to England players for 48 hours before a match since they have not reported a single constructive thing about England since the opening game . 4. I 'd also be far less sporting and really rub it in the faces of teams that I 've beaten , especially Paraguay , since they were mouthing off about about how they were going to hammer England and teach them a footballing lesson . Hehehe .
Appearing on popular US TV show Saturday Night Live , Ben said : " Listen bro , we all know who you 're talking about . It 's been kind of a mainstream year for me ; okay , stop rubbing it in . I get halfway through Paycheck , I went to ask the theatre manager for my money back and I remembered I was in it .
It makes no real difference to the overall quality of the team , since it 's so good anyway , but they might as well , for the laugh like . Winter Assault adding to Dawn of War is like Shaun Wright-Phillips going to Chelsea - it 's just rubbing it in . 2. PES 5 - No , it 's not frustrating or difficult to score , you 're just crap .
Hi Winnie ... ... . A few of us lucky beezers here managed to aquire demo copies of the album and its a flipping cracker(in fact im listening to it now-sorry to rub it in ).......its a real summer album full of exceptional tunes and you will love it........................I play it to death ! !
He said : " I am overcome , I certainly wavered a bit when I was walking up to the rostrum . " He also said he would be mocking his fellow Pop Idol judge Doctor Fox : " I 'll be rubbing it in with him , at least I am a real doctor now . " Welcoming Pete Waterman to Chester , Professor Tim Wheeler , Principal of University of Chester said:- " University of Chester was delighted when Pete Waterman accepted our nomination for an Honorary Doctorate .
Then all the way across the States , on to UK courtesy of his Ham rig contacts and the USAF , I do n't think he had to put his hand in his pocket once . To rub it in he sent a postcard of Alcatraz , over printed , ' Wishing you were here ' , to the squadron CO and the lads However back to Gan . Conditions at that time were grim , it was pioneering days. We were in tents on Safari beds .
Except the ball bounces out of his gloves , which briefly resemble a pair of cymbals . Cook then rubs it in by hammering the next ball down the ground for four , and Malinga 's frustration is channelled into a bouncer which is called a wide . And there 's four more to Trescothick , this time through the off-side .
! You have to rub it in that I only got the the .co.uk , and not the .com ? !
' and ' You can do better than that ! ' just to rub it in that it keeps guessing what you 're thinking!\n\nSure , you 'll beat it sometimes , but if you answer truthfully and give it a little bit of flexibility ( we thought of a saucepan , it came up with frying pan ! ) it will work out most things you can ever think of!\n\nIf you 've seen the TV adverts , you 'll have seen the amazement in people when it guesses their answers !
Four star hotels and top price seats. http://www.stratfordbreaks.com British Glamour Daily Gossip about . It 's been kind of a mainstream year for me ; okay , stop rubbing it in . I get halfway through Paycheck , I went to ask the theatre manager for my money back and I remembered I was in it .
Helen Says : April 7th , 2005 at 7:17 pm SB was a complete nightmare at this age , so we are overwhelmingly greatful for the sheer wonder of BB ! did n't mean to rub it in though . I felt i needed to make up to SB my earlier preoccupation. could n't be this intense every day. did mean the only whinge i had was when i was on the phone just before dinner .
80th over : England 240-5 ( Flintoff 48 , Jones 20 ) Flintoff edges a cut for four , and Kumble turns his nose up like an aesthete who 's been told Wild Wild West has just won a retrospective Oscar . Flintoff rubs it in by spanking the next ball perfectly straight over Kumble 's head for four . " I hope it 's the love of a good woman that 's keeping you away from your fans , but I bets it 's a tardy taxi , " says Peter Sloan .
" On his decision to close the door on the Libertines , he continued : " I 'd like to have ( played a tour of Britain ) , but I did n't want to upset Peter , really . I did n't want to rub it in his face . I believe I 've done the right thing .
Now we ca n't change Vaughan for Tresco and Murali for Giles Tresco will of corse score a double ton and Giles will take 10 for . If we had been able to make transfer , Sod would of have reversed this and then rubbed it in with the Aus v Zim matches taking place leaving us with no transfers remaining to bring in Mat Hayden , who will break the world scoring record . Do n't forget , it 's only a game ( a quote from my wife , who is now an EX WIFE .
Moaning about the worst sin in our godless Britain being envy , of all things . And this is rich , coming from a member of the Party whose whole raft of policies is centred on creating greater inequalities between rich and poor and then rubbing it in their faces . But I forget : part of the strong Church 's teaching will be the require everyone to know their place and accept it as God 's will : The rich man in his castle , The poor man at his gate .. .
But how can he offend Jill , who is straining every nerve to please him ? And should she " rub it in " by asking his advice on some weighty matter just as he is stepping out the door , is n't she doing it to honor him ? Quite subconsciously , the resentment builds up .
? With the colourant sat on the shelf awaiting illumination I did debate just rubbing it in last when i finally discovered my mistake but decided that might cause me even more problems in the end . How annoyed am i ?
Evil as he may be he is smart and one has to take credit . I think steve did it in hope that one day when he does track darren he can rub it in his face and use his child as a weapon barrier . Fear !
For those of you that find these epistles exciting , interesting , or even plain garbage , this will explore new boundaries in tedium and brevity . Somehow , little Chichester , a small City in West Sussex , close to Colin McQuillan 's boondocks ( sorry Colin , but last time you said it we made the play-offs , so it is nice to just rub it in again ! ) has not only reached the National Squash League play-offs , but has actually done so as Champions .
There are also no great quotes from the likes of Ben Franklin , Samuel Clemens , or even ' The Donald ' . It 's just a rant from another north-easterner who is set for life , thinks they have a right to be published , and is rubbing it in to the rest of us. ***Try " The random walk guide to investing : ten rules for financial success " by Burton G. Malkiel It 's a very accessible and to the point short version of his thick version . .
1830 The St. Helens & Runcorn Gap Railway Company gained an Act of Parliament to begin constructing their line . As if to really rub it in , the new line was authorised to cross the Sankey Brook Navigation twice . To counter the threat from the railway the canal company decided to extend its own route - also to Runcorn Gap .
When exams are a distant memory , you 're fattened up on home cooking and sick to death of your family , think of us . For now , though , I wish all our readers good luck with exams and essays , and hope you enjoy your summer , even if it is n't as long as mine will be ( sorry to rub it in ) .
I actually met up with 2 Pompey lads who I know who said that they did n't play well and it was their worse performance at home this season . I think they may have been rubbing it in a bit but I really do n't think Portsmouth were that great it 's just that we were diabolical . The team selection was strange .
These were received calmly by the PM who merely said he recognised my right through knowledge of the personalities to criticise the appointment , but that he disagreed with me . He was not to be moved though I rubbed it in again later . The tragedy is that CAS & CIGS agree with me but decided to take the line of lease resistance .
Today the wildness is simply an ambience . The greatest intrusion , inevitably on a weekday , comes from morning , afternoon , and ( just to rub it in ) early evening sorties by military jets round their Ness-Spean-Spey circuit , breaking off for a few games of tig on the way . Even though the sound may only be present for a few minutes , it echoes on in the mind , and the anticipating lasts even longer .
45th over : Australia 162-5 ( Gilchrist 23 , Warne 17 ) A good over from Harmison , but he 's still wicketless in this innings . And then , to rub it in , Warne cracks the last ball of the over past point for four . " Jon Harwood should conside himself fortunate not to be one vowel away from a celebrity butler and alleged jewellery thief , " says Paul Birrell .
Excavation of possible by-passes to this grotto continued daily over the holiday . Having won the 2004 Digging Barrel competition we were in no rush to break in but , just to rub it in , a discovery on New Year 's Day was hoped for . The surface was also tidied up and a drystone wall built SW of the entrance .
I cannot set up the router properly because it 's bloody buggered . You bastards are rubbing it in ! tattaloop View Public Profile Find all posts by tattaloop 7 05-September-2006 , 22:32 jetmizter2 The TimeLord Join Date : Sep 2004 Location : England Posts : 1,500 Re : who is watching the sopranos on thursday ?
Its like who cares , we already know . And that if you miss a decent shot from long range , Clive would just rub it in by saying , " he could have made international headlines for himself but has missed a sitter " oh yeah like that would happen in a friendly ! basiclly , they come up with random crap and shoul'nt be on FIFA games .
Things were worst at the annual family trip to Shiloh where , as a generally devout and pious Jew , Elkanah would worship and make sacrifices to the Lord . For it was on these occasions that Peninnah , who is described as her rival in verse five , would really choose to rub it in . And I think we can almost hear her taunting , ' Why Hannah , I do n't know why you come to Shiloh , you do n't have much to give thanks for this year , do you ?
The still frame performance is n't as good as that from a CAV disc , but it 's a great facility to have . A Last Memory function allows you to stop the disc and start it again at a point just before where you left off- handy for when you have to answer the phone or call your mate to rub it in about the Star Wars discs again . You can also search for a desired scene using the jog-shuttle dial on the remote control .
Alice 's shoe size is 9. Now leave me alone.(The only reason I know his shoe size is cuz I have those ' Billion Dollar Babies ' boots . - ouch , talk about rubbing it in ! ( Brian Nelson , June 1995 ) Even though Alice 's Beverly Hills house had been in a fire , it had been repaired .
He 'd probably be pleased that he 'd shocked someone . I pessimistically predicted that they 'd probably reprint the image again in the letters page just to rub it in . Well , guess what ?
I even managed to avoid criticising the poor way she handled her own use of English . I did rub it in about the apostrophe , though . Perhaps the way she had grudgingly accepted my criticism about the incorrect plural set me off on one ... From : Ashley Frieze Sent : 19 January 2001 16:55 To : sales@rdc.co.uk Subject : More errors on your site Dear Faye , Do you treat all customer comments in such a hostile manner ?
[ /quote ] you show-off bitch ! if i could go to at least mí€Œ_m , the arcade fire and interpol i 'd already be a happy person... [ /quote ] look , i did n't just make this thread just so i could show off all the fucking great amazing shows i 'm going to in the next couple of months or so , and rub it in all yr faces , alright ? i did it so i could....erm... so anyway , how 's that local soccer team doing ?
It 's hard to think of anything from this year 's line-up that will have such an impact a decade or so down the line . Just to rub it in , the entire night closed with a burst of the worst Comic Relief song ever , Love Can Build A Bridge . Any chance of Fry and Laurie thrashing wildly around the studio holding a framed photograph of Bob Holness next time ?
And both he and his buddy on Nederland 2 can pronounce Arsenal without any problems ! " Tom Stagles rubs it in . 46 mins Arsenal get the second half underway before Pienaar brings Campbell down and a whopping chunk of the pitch up .
? awaiting your reply beloved. mrs plumber Title : RE : Plumber 's Wife Author : Lonewolf on 16/04/2006 08:33:58 ( 162 hits ) Do n't rub it in , we blew it thats for sure . And then yesterday we all but make Reading look silly .
Basole . I belive he will now stay as he will win the world cup with France and want to return and rub it in to the English lads . Reply author : Droy was my hero Replied on : 03 Jul 2006 13:24:51 Message : quote : Originally posted by basole I posted the same here the first time I heard of Roman 's involvment in the Hiddink move .
I usally do feel the cold but still , it is about 17 degrees , that does n't sound cold but the wind and the rain , Australia is freezing ! if any one reads this who happens to be warm plz feel free to rub it in , I think it would be good , coz it would remind me about summer ! !
Let me know if you would like a copy . The following picture was sent to me by Martin Hough and was taken by John Moore in Thailand - rather rubs it in , especially after the current season!. í‰Œ© John Moore Leaf-miner recording meeting - change of venue Please note that the venue for the leaf-miner recorder meeting on Saturday 8th October has now been changed to the SWT reserve at Lackford Lakes . Meet in the reserve car park at 10.30am .
I was really looking forward to coming up for John McAulay`s Testimonial and I was housebound . I remember it was a beautiful day and I was thinking about you all up at Gayfield , then Craw told me what a great day it was , just to rub it in . I 'm on the mend now though .
Maybe just slightly less than id anticipated : Comments Comments : 10 On Monday 03rd of July 2006 Oliver Zheng said : Haha . That system is based on Technorati , which only indexes blogs of well-known scripts , like WordPress , Movabletype , etc. Yours is custom built :P On Monday 03rd of July 2006 Jen said : Not to rub it in or anything but mines worth $ 564.54 US . Any buyers ?
" Sorry . " He tries to brush it off , but rubs it in instead . Clumsy .
You may only use Aqueous Cream or E45 in the treated area . Do not rub it in vigorously , but smooth it in gently 3 or 4 times a day . Can I wash my hair ?
Wipe and tie into a neat shape with string . 2. In a large bowl mix together the soy and hoisin sauces , honey , sugar , sherry and salt , add the pork and turn in the marinade to coat well , rubbing it in with your hands . Cover and leave to marinate in a cool place for 1 hour , turning occasionally .
1 ) Put the flour in a large bowl . 2 ) Put the margarine and trex on top of the flour , and rub it in with your fingers until there are no lumps of margarine or trex . 2 ) Add a tablespoon of water and stir it in .
I followed the instructions that came with the bottle , applied a small amount of the cream to my cloth then rubbed it into the window , making sure to keep it away from the canvas surround . Applying the product is easy , just pour a small quantity onto a clean soft cotton cloth and rub it in , then rub it off . Best results are achieved when the polish is added frequently to the cloth in small quantities as you go along and not one big splodge at the start ( I tried that as well !
Mix together the flours and salt in a bowl . Add the fat to the flour and rub it in until it resembles fine breadcrumbs . Knead to a smooth dough with enough cold water to bind .
If your dog gets sprayed by a skunk wash them with tomato juice . Two large cans are sufficient for a larger dog - spread it all over them and rub it in . Once you are satisfied you have covered the dog entirely , rinse , then shampoo .
1. In a large bowl , mix together the flour , salt and yeast . Add the margarine and rub it in with your fingertips until the mixture resembles breadcrumbs . Add enough water to make a firm but soft dough .
This much should be applied to each hand by smearing it over the skin . This can be left to soak in by itself , though rubbing it in may take longer . At night after topical steroids are put on more moisturiser can be applied before putting on a plastic glove and then a cotton glove , prior to going to bed .
! I always buy a firming body moisturizer and rub it in to the effected areas once a day for a few mins as massage helps eliminate toxins ! !
Apply the moisturiser liberally . You do not need to rub it in - just put on a babygro immediately after to avoid the moisturiser smearing off Repeat at least twice per day , at each nappy change and if there is any scratching observed Below is 5 grams of a moisturiser that should be used to each of the arm , chest , abdomen , thigh , shin , upper back and lower back in an infant . The patient can be put straight into a babygro after treatment .
Do not use conditioner or a shampoo with built-in conditioner at any time between day 1 and day 8 of the treatment period ( conditioner may coat the hair and prevent the insecticide working fully ) . Use in a well ventilated room Part the hair near the top of the head , put a small quantity on to the scalp and rub it in . Part the hair a bit further down the scalp and do the same again .
Remember that the brush size can be changed for finer work by right clicking on the round brush . Add the sun , and rub it in to look more hazy . This can be done with the circle tool , and the water and diffuser brush .
! It 's a pain rubbing it in twice a day and I 'd hate to be rubbing in something that does n't work Have you tried Generic Minoxidil before ? I need to buy some more as the regaine does n't seem to cover much !
Having a large amount of moisturiser in your hand and then quickly smearing it on is quick and simple . The other method of putting a smaller amount on the skin and rubbing it in until it disappears can take longer and putting on this smaller amount of moisturiser may not be enough . When to put them on - before or after steroids ?
Sore Hocks : ( 1 ) A very good remedy is Clenderm Cleansing Lotion made by Univet and obtainable from good Veterinary surgeons . The plastic bottle has a special pull-up applicator and the lotion is dropped onto the broken ( or unbroken ) spot without rubbing it in . Repeat daily until healed .
And tell him he 's to give you some of that salve I left with him yesterday . And you 'd better get him to rub it in for you . He 's got rather cold hands , but you must n't mind that .
Part the hair near the top of the head . Put a few drops of the lotion or liquid on to the scalp and rub it in . Part the hair again a bit further down the scalp and rub in some more of the lotion or liquid .
