Then it was back to the laboratory to classify and observe our samples . Observing these minute organismswhilst having an expert on hand to positively identify them was intriguing and very helpful . Amongst our finds were seen conjugating algae and other types of cell division together with desmids , Fragilaria , beautiful Spirogyra , Coelastrum .


This in turn can cause an increase in the protozoa that feed on them . So if you have a pond or small lake on your local walk , it is worth taking a few samples to examine. There is so much of interest that can be found in freshwater , that we will be regularly dipping into the ponds and streams throughout the year .


I really do n't know whether to laugh or cry when I see nonsense like this . I have just been examining a large ' bumble ' beehere in the UK ( I 'm from Africa ) . The complexity of the eye is astounding - especially when you consider the coordination of purpose and structure .


They begin to lose co-ordination of their limbs and may eventually become aggressive . The brains of affected animals are damaged with holes in certain parts , giving it a characteristic spongy look when viewed. Other similar diseases include scrapie in sheep , transmissible encephalopathies in other animals such as mink and the rare human diseases Creutzfeldt-Jakob Disease ( CJD ) , Kuru and Gerstmann-Strasler Syndrome ( GSS ) .


He was involved with the Leeds Metallurgical Society , serving for a time as its President . His quiz based on photographs of everyday objects as seenproved a popular event at a succession of Open Days within the University . Varied overseas duties included contributions to the organisation of metallurgical courses at Chiang Mai University in Thailand and aspects of extraction metallurgy in plants at Mount Isa in Queensland .


We also record each process in the conservation treatment including which chemicals , adhesives , solvents , corrosion inhibitors and which tools are used . For example we use descriptions such as , ' removed corrosion mechanically with a scalpel' or ' removed surface dirt by swabbing with deionised water ' . If the contents of the can are removed then that 's also described and a sample may be taken and frozen .


It is thought that the healing process is less frantic because the embryo is in the protective womb environment . To find out why wound healing of an embryo is so different Professor Ferguson and his team put the process. What he saw was that compounds that control the growth of cells and tissues behaved differently .


Deben has for many years supplied tensile testing and three-point bending modules designed specifically for these applications . In some instances , it would be valuable to be able to perform other mechanical testing , such as indentation and scratch testing ,. To this end , Deben has now designed a new materials testing stage which enables the user to select regions or arrays of points on the sample for indentation studies .


Recently I noticed the availability of USB powered LED lights at the end of a flexible gooseneck . I realised that the slim gooseneck would be ideal for setting in a stable position and for getting light close in towards an object. I saw this type of light on sale at a local Ìâ‰Û÷pound shop ' and saw an opportunity to experiment with them , and built a battery-powered base to power and support the lights .


30 October 2006 Inspiring pupils in space science The University of Bradford is launching a new project to help teachers in primary schools inspire the next generation with science . 13 October 2006 First evidence of humans in Britain under microscope in Bradford Archaeologists at the University of Bradford are putting 24 pieces of ancient stoneto determine how they were used as tools by humans - 700,000 years ago . 13 October 2006 40 not out !


Archive for the ' Cape Evans ' Category Mysterious tin identified Nicola , Friday , July 14th , 2006 I 've just finished treating a small and very rusty can , which had been documented as being of unknown contents ( the label printed on the tin was covered with corrosion and illegible ) . However , by workingto carefully remove the corrosion with a scalpel , I was able to reveal some of the writing . It was a can of finest Dutch cheese from Rotterdam .


Beginning Scoping : where to find help. by Mike Samworth 1996 Articles on Micscape will have already shown you what a fascinating and diverse world can be seen. Hopefully you will have begun to experience this for yourself by looking down the tube .


On this first day of the visits , although the weather was rather wet we had a great day carrying out a range of actvitites . During the plankton session which I helped to run we had great fun throwing the nets out to catch a sample of plankton and identifying the creatures we caught. We found copepods , Daphnia and crab larvae .


The overall appearance looks rather like a volcano . These lesions are benign but do need surgical removal for testing. Sometimes , if left alone , they fall away spontaneously to leave a scar - the one above fell off one day before scheduled surgery .


I have to confess , at this point , I may have well just have been shaking out the talc bottle from the bathroom , because looking at the white stuff on the slide without a microscope , was n't telling me much ! You do n't get to see much more when looking at it. At 400x magnification , this is all you see .


Although the presence of white cysts may indicate a myxosporean infection , microscopic examination is required to accurately identify parasites . Viewing individual parasitesrequires at least 400x magnification . To confirm a parasite 's true identity 1,000x magnification is required , as well as a guide to the 1,400 species that exist .


Numbers of organisms are later converted to categories for entry into the database. iii . Zooplankton " Eyecount " ' Eyecount ' analysisZooplankton greater than 2mm in length are counted separately from " traverse " zooplankton . All eyecount zooplankton from the sample are identified , often to species level , and counted .


NECROSIS In necrosis there is complete breakdown of cellular homeostasis , with a largely uncoordinated breakdown of all cellular constituents .this appears as changes in the nucleus and cytoplasm . Nuclear changes : There is fading and eventual loss of normal basophilic staining of DNA , so that the nucleus eventually disappears and this is called KARYOLYSIS .


In-situ mechanical strain and Raman scattering measurements on the YBCO tapes were performed using a Deben Microtest vertical three-point bending module ( model 300N ) and a Renishaw micro-Raman system ( 2000 ) . The three-point bending stage was mountedof th Raman spectrometer . The scattered light was collected through a x50 microscope objective ; hence all Raman scattering measurements were performed in a backscattering configuration at 295K .


This allows the subject to be adjusted with ease . The growth of crystalsbetween cross polarisation filters offers great potential for some striking footage . Sometimes such growth can occur quickly , so real time video can be used , but often the growth is more sedate where time-lapse can be tried .


These firms are clearly willing to risk lives and must be caught urgently . " Part of the problem is that asbestos cannot be identified visually and must be examined. As asbestos was generally used in products mixed with cement or plaster it takes specialist analysis to establish the true risk .


An alcohol lamp was used to heat the slide very gently , until the crystals melted and formed a thin layer between slide and cover-glass . When the melt solidified , it was examined. Note : The MSDS safety document for resorcinol describes the very unpleasant consequences of a failure to handle the compound carefully. Ìâ‰ÛÏDanger !


Only one in ten thousand of these will have a malignant ( cancerous ) mole . To the untrained eye , an atypical mole can look like a normal mole but ,, the doctor will be able to tell if it is not normal . Some of these moles may develop into melanoma , a form of skin cancer .


A polyp that has been completely cut out will not itself recur but some people have a tendency to form multiple polyps so new polyps can grow after polypectomy . If an individual has four or more polyps , or one polyp of more than 1cm diameter or a polyp with severely abnormal cells ( dysplasia ) seen, the risk of polyp or cancer occurrence is sufficient to warrant regular surveillance with colonoscopy . This is usually repeated every five or six years .


There are 11 varieties of receptor in human beings , but little is known about which ones are involved in the process of triggering inflammation . Professor Bennett will be using the techniques of immuno-histochemistry , which involve " tagging " antibodies in the membrane , so that they glow. From this he hopes to identify the receptors at work in individual cases .


A tumour is essentially a swelling . The cells of a benign ( innocent ) tumour look normaland there is no suggestion of them invading other tissues . The individual cells and their nuclei have similar shapes to that of normal cells .


ASPIRATE - Noun : An aspirate is a small volume of bone marrow which is removed under local anaesthetic from either the hip bone or the breast bone by suction . The cells in the sample can then be examinedto identify any abnormality in the developing blood cells . Verb : The action of doing this .


In addition , since myositis affects only some muscles , and since the involvement of a given muscle can be patchy , in 10 % of patients the electromyogram can be normal . Muscle biopsy : To make a definitive diagnosis of myositis , a sample of affected muscle has to be examined. The sample is obtained by inserting a special needle into the affected muscle .


High grade lymphomas are usually faster growing acute diseases that need more intensive treatment , but are more often curable . Grade : Solid Tumours What the cancer cells look like. The more they look like normal cells , the lower the grade the cancer is said to be .


These cluster like green marbles ( hence the English name I suppose ) towards the ends of the leaves . This makes the moss easy to identify with a powerful hand lens or( as in the picture ) . The ' screw ' part of the name is because each moss plantlet curls round its central stalk a bit like a screw when dry .


This was in the Devonian period around 400 million years ago . The early microscopists found that fungi were simple to study , and they first observed division of cells by watching yeasts. They were one of the earliest groups to be classified , and the earliest scheme was drawn up in 1588 .


In some types of severe vasculitis , ANCA tests ( described below ) may help , although they do not prove the diagnosis on their own . Examination of a sample from an affected part of the bodyis often required to confirm the diagnosis . Kidney biopsies are particularly helpful if there are signs of kidney involvement .


Soil column samples are taken from excavations and each layer is prepared for laboratory analysis using a series of fine meshed sieves . the particles in the soil are measured and quantified . The extent and type of human activity can be detected , including occupation areas and burnt material from burning .


Many times , I find things like bug parts that allow me to diagnose the problem without further tests . Other times parasites are visible. Diarrhea Caused By Husbandry : Pet Food Quality Buying that marked down generic brand of dog or cat chow instead of your regular name brand is very common cause of diarrhea .


The fatigue-injury link Common sense would suggest that exercising with muscles which are fatigued is likely to damage those muscles . This has been borne out when samples of athletes ' muscle fibres have been extracted and inspected. Various groups of researchers have examined skeletal muscle tissue taken by biopsy from athletes after endurance exercise .


Vegans and vegetarians keep dogs , of which the lucky ones might be given meat for their dinner . Yet vegan dogs suffer ear-mites and, it is readily apparent that ear-mites , rather than being amorphous specks of protoplasm , have , in fact , faces with an impressive set of recognisable features . A vegan vetinarian would also flinch in horror when gazing into their cute little eyes .


The cone includes the whole area of the cervical canal where there might be abnormal cells . The cone of tissue is sent to the laboratory for examination. When you wake up after the cone biopsy , you may have some gauze packed into your vagina to help stop any bleeding .


He had been hyperactive since infancy . His nose was almost completely blocked , and the nasal smear test ( a smear of the nasal discharge is made on a glass slide and examined) showed that his nasal secretions were crowded with eosinophil cells . He was deaf due to glue ear ( serous otitis media ) and he was very difficult to handle .


Flatworms ( Platyhelminthes ) are simple animals . If you observe a flatwormyou will notice that it is completely covered with tiny hair-like cilia . The beating of these cilia propel the organism forwards , a bit like the ciliates only the flatworms are much bigger .


Balloon catheter : An inflatable plastic cylinder mounted on a thin tube and used for dilating narrowed areas of the intestine . Biopsy : Removal of small pieces of tissue from parts of the body ( e.g. colon - colonic biopsy ) for examinationto diagnose disease , or determine disease progression . Bulking agent : An artificial form of fibre made into tablets , granules or a power ( to be mixed with water ) .


You can find out more about inherited or ' familial ' breast cancer from the link below . Diagnosis Hyperplasia is usually found by chance at the breast clinic when the tissue from a biopsy or breast surgery is examinedin the laboratory . Treatment If the type of hyperplasia you have shows no increased risk of breast cancer in the future you will not need any treatment or follow-up .


The events are run by members of our staff , assisted by our committee and volunteer members . As we are all professional geologists , or very knowledgable amatures we are able to answer any questions about rocks & fossils , there is also the opportunity to look at rocks & fossilsand to bring in specimens for identification . As well as being a fun family event , it is educational .


The plants and flowers we often take for granted take on a whole new perspective if their colours , textures and shapes are enjoyed at a larger scale . Just getting closer to inspect by eye can reveal some detail , but more can be seen by using a 10X hand lens or studying subjects. A few common garden and wild Spring flowers in the UK are examined here a little more closely .


Large Cell Lung Cancer Type of lung cancer . Named after the large rounded cells that can be seen when this type of cancer is looked at. Large Loop Excision Small operation to remove abnormal pre-cancerous cells from the cervix .


When a gene mutates it is preserved to the degree that it is advantageous to the future of the species and to the degree that the creature with the mutation passes it on . You can see it happening. Intelligent Design is balderdash .


These are expensive but do benefit all members of the group . Large models are used to help understand the overall arrangement of objects viewed. Swell paper produces raised diagrams from computer generated drawings .


You may hear your doctor talk about the ' grade ' of your cancer . This means how well developed the cell looks like. The more the cancer cell looks like a normal cell , the more it will behave like one The more normal a cancer cell looks , the lower its grade The more abnormal or less well developed a cancer cell is , the higher its grade Cancer cells are usually classed as low , medium or high grade .


If after all these tests it seems that the bleeding is coming from the kidney , then a kidney biopsy may be suggested . This test involves taking a very small piece of kidney tissue and examining it. Things that suggest that diseases of the kidney may be the cause of the bleeding include : protein in the urine ( proteinuria ) high blood pressure abnormal blood tests of kidney function What is the treatment ?


Fatty liver The best way to explain about fatty liver is to show you some pictures . On the top / left below is what a normal liver looks like. When you drink too much each individual liver cell develops a little ball of fat inside it .


In most cases , a needle biopsy will be taken for microscopic examination .malignant tissue can be identified and the degree of differentiation assessed . Differentiation is the process in which embryonic cells , which have a generalised structure , become specialist cells such as liver cells or skin cells .


The ray florets have been removed to show the detail in one of the inner phyllaries .a stigma is an attractive orange-yellow colour , and pollen grains are visible on its surface . The bi-lobed stigma is held aloft by the style , a column that has randomly located red spots on its component cells .


The computer software then puts all the images together to form an image of the whole cell . This is then rotated through 90 degrees ( it is lying flat) and projected as it is seen now . Images were taken on a Zeiss LSM510 Confocal Microscope .


The renal artery on the left ( the right side of the picture ) is blocked , while that on the right is narrowed . Kidney biopsy A kidney biopsy involves taking a small sample of kidney through a needle to look at it. More information about this test is given in our page on renal biopsy .


A walking tour of the City centre to see the wide variety of rock types used in modern and historical buildings around the centre of Exeter , conducted by Roger Taylor ( formerly of the BGS ) , was also well attended , concluding a fun and interactive week of rock-focused science . Louise M Hollick BGS Exeter The Hidden World of Rock : textures and colours in rocks at close range , revealed.


Left : photograph of an MCP measuring approximately 35mm across , and only three quarters of a millimetre thick . Right : seen, the tiny pores ( each about 2 hundredths of a millimetre across ) become visible . Compare this image to that of the lobster eye shown earlier .


What causes nephrotic syndrome ? It is divided into a number of types according to the appearances of the kidney. Some have known causes such as rare allergic reactions to medicines , infections like Hepatitis B , and diabetes .


Imagine putting a leaf flat on a surface and cutting across and then looking end on at the cut edge . The image on the left shows what you would seeif you took a very thin slice from that cut edge . Unfortunately , without access to sharp blades or a microtome , it can be quite hard to get thin enough sections to view the cut surface in detail .


This is the miles per division ( MPD ) ratio and is used for allocating the 10 nautical mile equivalent filter mesh blocks . These are the standard filter mesh lengths used for plankton analysis. The required MPD ratio is achieved by setting the pitch angles of the CPR impeller blades .


Occasionally , the cause of indigestion is an ulcer and it is now known that many ulcers are due to bacterial infection in the stomach . A biopsy ( a small piece of the lining of the stomach ) may be removed during an endoscopy and examinedin the laboratory to pinpoint an infection . A very small number of patients with indigestion will turn out to have cancer and , again , the diagnosis can be made accurately by biopsy .


They can estimate the width of the hair by laying it on a ruler and judging size on the millimetre scale . A reasonable approximation can be made using a clear ruler. Another idea is to photocopy graph paper ( with mm squares ) onto thick acetate and cut it to make graduated Ìâ‰Û÷slidesÌâ‰Ûª .


Drosophila ( fruit flies ) are routinely knocked out with CO2 to be observed. Heather filmed a selection of flies waking from their slumber .


When gluten comes into contact with the lining of the small bowel , a reaction occurs , where the immune system mistakenly attacks the lining of the bowel as if it was a ' foreign ' organism . The small bowel has ' villi ' , which are tiny finger-like projections , visible( see Figure 1 ) . They provide a large surface area , over which we absorb nutrients , such as vitamins , folic acid , iron and calcium .


Loss of cells from the frontal and temporal lobes of the brain leads to shrinkage ( atrophy ) of these areas that may be visible on a brain scan . The brain changes have also been studied in post mortem examinations when the brain can be examined( Ìâ‰ÛÏhistologyÌâ‰Û ) . Several different types of brain changes can cause the same symptoms .


Notice that each flower has a very long stigma-style that projects out a considerable distance . dark-ground illumination reveals the details of one of the darker anthers and its filament . The image below shows both anther types .


These tumours usually have slow rates of growth and have low infiltration into surrounding normal brain .these tumours have relatively normal appearing cellular structures and infrequent signs of division ( mitosis ) . Brain Metastasis Tumours that have spread to the brain from outside the brain .


What tests will I need ? It is sometimes possible to scrape off a scabies mite , and view it. However , if the rash has spread , and there are many scratch marks , it may not be possible to find the mites .


In most cases your specialist will be able to tell if the tumour in the brain is from the breast . On very rare occasions it is necessary to have a biopsy of the tumour taken to confirm the diagnosis. More information Secondary brain cancer symptoms Secondary brain cancer treatment Living with secondary brain cancer Still have a question about this ?


Insect and their next of kin are very nice subjects for a closer examination. But because of their size it is not possible to observe a life insect under the normal microscope .


The most important test however is a renal biopsy . This test is designed to take a small piece of kidney to look at. It is done with local anaesthetic and involves putting a needle into the kidney through the back ; a scanner is used to find the kidney so the test is done in the X-ray department .


I did n't do this though because I wanted to test off several size patch stops quickly until I found the right size . So I just stuck it on with sellotape , judging and adjusting how centred it was , by swinging the filter holder back into place and looking at a specimen. I re-cut the disk and re-centred it several times until I got one to achieve the dark ground effect .


Biochemical studies suggest that the abnormal cells are of B-cell origin . Hairy cells are so called because their cytoplasm has long projections or ridges which give them a very distinctive ' hairy ' appearance. - back to top What are the major symptoms of leukaemia ?


Phytoplankton are identified to different taxonomic levels depending on the organism. ii . Zooplankton " Traverse " The filtering and covering parts of the silk are laid outand a complete traverse of both sides is carried out which equates to examining 1/49th of the 10 mile sample . All organisms seen are counted and identified during the traverse .


Further polyps can develop however . The risk of recurrence is greater if any of the initial polyps was over 1cm diameter , if the original polyps were multiple ( four or more ) or if any of the polyps show severe dysplastic ( pre-cancerous ) change. In these cases , colonoscopic surveillance is usually recommended every five or six years .


" This is founded in Sydney Brenner ' s vision , in setting up the worm project -- an entirely new system for developmental biology . My contribution to this was learning to watch the cells dividing , and sometimes dying ,. We could actually see programmed cell death in action , so beautiful , so clear and so reproducible .


For both procedures , the colon needs to be cleared by quite vigorous purgation ( medicines are given to stimulate the intestines and clear out the bowel ) , which many patients find the most unpleasant aspect of the procedure . There are advantages and disadvantages of each approach : colonoscopy allows biopsy and therefore the presence of cancer can be confirmed. But , even in skilled hands , the whole colon is seen in only about 90 per cent of procedures .


Inflammation of these filters is called glomerulonephritis . It is a common cause of a severe but treatable kidney disease called crescentic nephritis , because of the appearance. This is also called rapidly progressive glomerulonephritis ( RPGN ) because of the speed with which it can cause kidney failure .


Aims and Objectives : To extend the Level 1 treatment of sedimentary rocks , minerals ( ESC102 ) and depositional environments ( ESC101 and ESC103 ) . It is intended that the students should gain an appreciation of sedimentary rocks at the micro level through a study of minerals and textures. Skills in mineral identification and texture description will be taught .


Not everything that moves is motile !, motile bacteria seem to move in a purposeful way , though they may frequently change direction - look at the videos above to see this . However , even dead cells such as those in the video below ( killed with disinfectant ) move .


The zebrafish is a vertebrate , like mammals , and it has equivalent tissues and organs to mammals : for example , it has , heart , liver , kidney . A single adult pair of zebrafish can lay many hundreds of transparent eggs , and we use these eggs to look at the rapid development of the embryo. A beating heart can be seen , without using intrusive methods .


Directions for preparing micro specimens of these crystals have been taken from the original reference ( 1 ) and adapted for growth on a microscope slide ( 2 ) . These crystals are very interesting and unusual specimens to observein both regular and polarized light . Procedure : Prepare a 10 % solution of potassium sulfate by dissolving 10 grams of K 2 SO 4 in 90 ml of deionized water .


Follicular Large Cell Type of lymphoma . The lymphocytes appear largeand are grouped together . This is an intermediate grade lymphoma .


Now look further afield , first immediately around the bronchus , and then all over the section . Compare the normal and patchily inflamed lung , both with the naked eye and. Bacterial infection beginning in the respiratory tree has provoked an inflammatory response and many leukocytes , mainly neutrophils , have migrated from the blood into the lung .


Tests Diphtheria is diagnosed on clinical grounds , and by throat swabs . The organism can be seenand also grown in the laboratory , although this requires special growth conditions . Tests can be done to determine whether the diphtheria bacterium produces toxin .


Now change from the right hand tool to the tool whose offset is to be measured . Use manual axis control to align the tool tip. Read and note on paper the X and Z values from the co-ordinate display .


Too little and it does not cause triploidy whilst too much pressure kills the eggs . It is difficult to judge the success until the fish can be sampled and examined, or mature as adults . The triploid eggs go on to hatch and grow normally into adult fish .


As another idea , Evans Blue can be included in solutions being used to plasmolyse plant cells , such as those of an onion skin . It should immediately be apparent to students examining the cells, that the space between the retreating cell membrane and the cell wall is being filled by the ( blue-coloured ) bathing solution . The stain will , incidentally , reveal the occasional dead cell amongst the living ones in the onion skin .


THREE IMPORTANT NOTES : 1 ) The optical effects produced by the COL stops , are not always correctly recorded by all digital cameras ( mine is one of those ) . What one seesis much better than the photographic image . Paul James with a camera and equipment many times better than mine , experiences the same problem .


In RA , the developing red cells in the bone marrow are unable to process the iron that normally goes into the haemoglobin . In cases of RARS , the iron may be deposited inside the red cell to form a characteristic ring that can be seen. These two forms of anaemia , RA and RARS , are the most common forms of MDS .


What feature of the microorganisms suggests that they could carry out photosynthesis ? When you have looked at the algae and answered the questions above , make a hanging drop of protozoa and look at them. Draw some of them and then answer the next group of questions .


I was three days into a typical end-of-winter cold , and feeling miserable . My attempts to examine some pond waterwere being frustrated by a profusely running nose . In a sudden flash of inspiration , I allowed a drop of the mucus to fall on a clean slide , and gently placed a coverslip over the drop .


7. Cover with a cover slip , and blot firmly with several layers of tissue or filter paper and press gently to spread root tips . 8. View( x400 magnification is adequate ) and look for cells with chromosomes . Questions 1. The cellulose walls of plant cells are held together by compounds in the middle lamella .


Polysiphonia , a red algae - a very attractive algae with a fascinating life cycle . Pollen - seenMicroscopic fragments of Mesozoic conifer wood found in the Kimmeridge Clay and Purbeck sediments - the types of wood found in sediments can reveal an insight into the vegetation million of years ago . Horsetails : relic plants from prehistory - a common group of plants which are easily overlooked , but they have plenty of fascinating macro and microscopic features .


When we study aquatic subjectswe often encounter a familiar problem . If we use a very small drop of water , evaporation quickly reduces the volume and for sea water , the increase in salt concentration and resulting crystallisation can kill the critters .


Sarcoids around a horse 's eye - often referred to as " periocular " Is the lump on my horse a sarcoid ? A definitive diagnosis can only be made by looking at a biopsy , or tissue sample ,. This needs to be sent off to a laboratory .


These tumours are usually treated with surgery . Histologically () these tumours are usually benign but can have atypical or even malignant features . Radosurgery is an option to boost regular radiation or by itself to treat the ependymoma .


Summary of Requirements : Old 35 mm camera like Zenith Old B+W enlarger Paper developer and fixer Jam jars for fluids Red light Gum tragacanth Dark days of winter Black and white photographic paper . The paper should be first examinedfor texture . Matt is the best material , but straight gloss is better than the modern papers that have all manner of reflective bits in the surface under the microscope these can be very distracting .


But as I mentioned above one must choose carefully the preparations which can succeed . Daphnia , alive , 4x , 12.5 DFS You must regulate very finely the brightness , with the camera software , to record a true black background and to give to the subject the colour and detail which it shows. It may be that you must decrease the contrast to capture the true texture of the objects .


) . With a needle it was quite easy to cleave tiny mica flakes from this area of the rock and study. The image above right shows one of these mica flakes under the microscope between crossed polars ( 3.5x objective , flake ca .


Any signs of abnormality should be investigated by a veterinary surgeon . It will help if you take a fresh sample of cloacal excretion for him to examine. FEEL along the legs for any unusual lumps or swellings ; abscesses are common in reptiles and if left untreated can result in loss of limb or even death .


This is called an induced sputum test . The samples are sent to the laboratory and stained with special stains that make the organism visible. How is PCP treated ?


Pheasants were , of course , imported from China where there were special breeds reserved for the emperors . These feathers are strikingand one can spend many hours studying them . Another one of my favorites is the feathers of ducks , wood ducks in particular .


To prepare a sample for study , a very small quantity of the compound was dissolved in several millilitres of room temperature distilled water and a couple of drops of the solution were transferred to a microscope slide . After the water had evaporated , the slide was examinedto check the quality of the result . Since the crystal structures tend to be fairly large , low power objectives are usually sufficient , and no cover-glass is required .


They were the flowers of the mountain thistle .he saw that they were covered with thousands of tiny hooks that attached themselves to fur and fabric . Much labour later he had developed Velcro , from the French velours ( loop ) and crochet ( hook ) .


All comments to the author Richard Howey are welcomed . Editor 's note : The author 's March 2002 article in Micscape , ' Crystals and polarization : A few additional thoughts ' , gives further suggestions for chemicals to view. Microscopy UK Front Page Micscape Magazine Article Library í‰Œ© Microscopy UK or their contributors .


The internal surface is completely vitrified , glossy , and smooth . A small fragment examinedappeared , from the number of minute entangled air or perhaps steam bubbles , like an assay fused before the blowpipe . The sand is entirely , or in greater part , siliceous ; but some points are of a black colour , and from their glossy surface possess a metallic lustre .


Minimise slippage in the grips by ensuring a balanced gripping load is applied to both sides of an end-tab and at both ends of a specimen . Align specimens to the axis of loading by orienting the fibre. Ensure residual load after tightening is removed and that the zero load monitored length is measured .


Sep.98 Oblique illumination - or why having the mirror or condenser out of alignment sometimes helps ! Apr.98 Oblique and axial illumination - can be used to study opaque subjects. Apr.99 Circular oblique lighting Part I - an interesting variation on lighting which has benefits for some subjects .


The reverse side of an anther , with the point of attachment to the filament , can be seen below . this point of attachment seems remarkably fragile . Notice the pollen grains clinging to the anther 's surface in the image to the right .


Plus an easy to make portable microscope . Feb.99 Oblique and axial illumination - can be used to study opaque subjects. Apr.99 Notes on adapting microscopes for phase contrast - Apr.99 Adapting a flash gun for photomicrography - a simple but effective adaptation of a flash gun for photomicrography .


Reprecipitated salts are also less frequent . Deposits at Kilise Tepe exhibit more variation in structure, than was perhaps evident to me in the field . Calcareous spherules c. 50-200um in diameter are generally more common at Kilise Tepe than at Tell Brak .


The huge regions of repeated DNA that dominate the Y chromosome are therefore free to accumulate extraordinary rearrangements by recombining with themselves . " If you look at the Y chromosomes of several different men, they often appear different , " says Dr Jobling . " You see all sorts of funny-looking Ys : some with extra bits , some with bits swapped around or inverted , and others apparently missing bits .


Dunn , G.A. & Jones , G.E. ( 2004 ) . Cell motility: Vorsprung durch Technik . Nature Rev.Molec.Cell Biol .


Although this system is more complex , it can give more precise information about the tumour stage . If the cancer comes back after initial treatment it is known as recurrent cancer. back to top Grading Grading refers to the appearance of the cancer cellsand gives an idea of how quickly the cancer may develop . Low grade means that the cancer cells look very like normal cells ; they are usually slow growing and they are less likely to spread .


The effect of elastase , when given into the airways of rat and mouse , is to cause Inflammation and destruction of the airway tissues . Events we can assess as changes In the function of the airways , similar to that seen in the disease in man , andby examining tissues removed from the animal post mortem . We have also developed a model which mimics the influx of inflammatory cells into the airways similar to that seen in COPD in man .


Treatment options depend on the size , site and number of BCCs present . Following removal , the tissue is sent away to be examined. It may take up to two weeks for the biopsy results to be ready .


No. 25 Eggs - of sorts has the following text : She is dowdy , she is despised-nay , more-her life is frequently in danger , for the careful housewife holds her in abhorence . Seen, however , her eggs , with their sculptured surfaces , show an irridescent beauty-so that after all there 's something to be said for the Common Clothes Moth ! No. 1. Hidden beauties .


Note that for cocci , it is not just the shape and colour of the individual bacterial cells that is important , but the way that all these cells group together too . Put simply , round purple balls that look like bunches of grapes( i.e . Gram-positive cocci in clusters !


Not all pre-malignant changes progress to cancer : sometimes spontaneous return to normality may occur . Cells scraped from the cervix ( cervical smear ) can be analysedand pre-malignant changes can be recognised . An estimate of the severity of change is generally reported ( mild , moderate or severe dyskaryosis or dysplasia ) .


The operation is simple and usually done as a day case . The lump is routinely sent to the laboratory for examination. Removing a fibroadenoma causes no harm to the breast and wo n't affect the ability to breast feed .


These are collectively called autoimmune diseases . When examined, the inflamed artery will be seen to contain increased numbers of a specialised type of cell of the immune system , the ' giant cell ' , which gives this condition it 's name . Giant cell arteritis ( GCA ) is considered to be a condition within the spectrum of the more general condition called polymyalgia rheumatica ( PMR ) - of which giant cell arteritis is the more severe form of the illness .


The remainder of the week was spent with Prof. Ed Derbyshire , looking at various aspects of glacial sedimentology . Perhaps the most interesting aspect of the two days ( in my view anyway ) involved looking at till micromorphology , both( thin sections ) and with the SEM . Other aspects of the unit included detailed lectures about till fabrics and whether or not fabric analysis can elucidate transport pathways ( the group were divided ) .


Notes and References . 1. " Atlas of sedimentary rocks" . This excellent full-colour handbook by A.E. Adams , W.S. MacKenzie and C. Guilford 1984 , published by Longman , has an appendix on the staining of acetate-peels .


