It is tempting to believe the phrase to be ancient and to imagine it whispered to Tudor minstrels as they went on stage at Shakespeare 's Globe Theatre . There was an earlier meaning of '' of that vintage ( 1670 ) , which was ' to give birth to a bastard ' . This is now entirely out of use and is not related to the theatrical version .


' I looked at him agog , awaiting the final revelation . ' It 's simple , with these older bikes you never know if their automatic units are stuck on full advance and are going towhen you kick start them . With the manual lever you have total control ' .


Ask for details on guided walks , Southend 's nature reserves , conservation areas and beaches .! Book a show at Southend 's premier entertainment venue , the Cliffs Pavilion , which hosts West-end shows , big name bands , gripping plays , side-splitting comedians and much more .


Origin Theatrical types are well-known for their belief in superstitions , or at least for their willingness to make a show of pretending to believe them . The term '' appears to come from the belief that one ought not to utter the words ' good luck ' to an actor . By wishing someone bad luck , it is supposed that the opposite will occur .


There are many other possible derivations in circulation , mostly referring to the ' good luck ' message . In diminishing order of plausibility , '' these are : Put on a performance good enough that you will have to bend your knee in a bow or curtsey to acknowledge the applause . Impress the audience so much that you will need to bend down to pick up the coins they throw onto the stage .


Also , actors never wish each other , ' good luck ' before a performance as it might have the opposite effect . It 's safer to tell an actor heading for the stage to , '' ! Sailors Long , dangerous journeys on wild and unpredictable oceans have made sailors very aware of lucky and unlucky signs .


Posted by : Saltation | July 12 , 2006 01:52 PM I love that time in a rehearsal period where you know it all backwards and forwards but still find yourself inspired and enthralled... it 's the best !. Posted by : EJ | July 15 , 2006 02:01 PM


Music , dance , props , posters , programmes Call for skills , and other jobs Too numerous to list . Meanwhile and paramount perhaps , the players - Buffoons , villains , lovers , boys , Grand seigneurs , gentlewomen , Representatives of church and law - May diaphragms propel your voices hence To visit parts that other voices miss , And with these heartfelt thanks I do you beg Go forth , enjoy , and!


" From the Evening State Journal , Nebraska , 1937 : " With all the break-a-leg dancing there are many who still warm to graceful soft shoe stepping . " So , it is possible that when an actor is told to '' , he/she may just be being exhorted to put on an energetic , exciting performance . There are many other possible derivations in circulation , mostly referring to the ' good luck ' message .


But NEwayz if i cum back 2morra i cant do the singin in da mass ! So sorry 2 all da singers :o( but! xxxx Posted : 7:42 PM , 8/2/2006 Comments ( 3 ) | Add Comment | Link Disco !


THanks I enjoyed my visitwith the King and I Good luck with allk you do .visit me when you have time : ) ) : ) ) : ) ) Reply : IP : Logged Lids ( 01 Feb 03 ) wrote : Hi Simon & co Most impressed by your site design . Have enjoyed wandering around this morning .


They would have to perform a 40-minute set in front of 8,000 people , and were warned before going on stage , " If the crowd throws stuff at you , just be ready . " According to BAM magazine , " Instead of encouraging pats on the back from the crew and the proverbial '' well-wishing from management , everyone surrounding Third Eye Blind prepared them for their inevitable failure . " They clearly did n't know very much about Third Eye Blind .


If not the video , then some stills ?in Chicago ! Jo 07 March 2006 at 01:17 hello bonnie , just wanted to say to you that you and matt where the true winners in mine and many others eyes. you had such a good partnership and you yourself are such a genuine person. you worked so hard and smiled all the way through the bumps etc !


I hope Carousel will be just as good .to one and all . From : Peter Gordon ( October 2005 ) I 've read the review of your production of Out of Focus and it seems that you had a great success on your hands .


Sorry I ca n't be around to help this week , busy at uni ! But I wish everyone the best of luck and! !


After saying all that the swimming was great fun , the supervisors could n't control us so they brought in Mr Coppenhall . I was n't far wrong sayingas we came away with half a tooth , a bashed up knee and one or two more . Hmmm , let me think , they might just not want us there again .


He agreed !( for the story ) Like many Journalists who 'd do ' anything ' for the story Odeka would ensure she gets hers . Unfortunately on two such occasions , she in one incident twisted her ankle and in another incident was involved in a car accident trying to return to duty .
