It 's weird , really . There 's no stigma inor being diagnosed with an allergy or arthritis or whatever . So why should it be different with manic depression ?


) Rear Window is allegely Hitchcock 's favourite of his own films . Telling the story of a photojournalist who is stuck in his flat afterand watches the world go by from the rear window of his apartment . The story is seen entirely from his perspective and the action never leaves the room our protagonist is in .


A further attempt to bring him into the Special Service failed because the war in North Africa was virtually won and he was not needed . To counteract his boredom he then decided to do a parachute course ; heon his second jump and was unable to proceed further . After this he decided to write his novel Brideshead Revisited , an endeavour which he achieved in 1944 by ruthlessly managing to get himself leave from the army for the time that he needed to complete it .


Why do I need pet insurance ? If your cat or dog were unfortunate enough toyou could be left to pick up a vet 's bill of up to Ìâå£ 1,000 . Since there is no NHS equivalent for animals , owners often have to make a financial sacrifice to protect their pets ' health and well-being .


More than 40,000 My First Novel packs have been bought since it went on sale at Sainsbury 's in the first week of December . ( Times , 20 December 2004 ) Letters home - by text Kingsland Grange preparatory school in Shrewsbury will alert parents by text to anything from the postponement of a cricket match to their child. Martin James , headteacher , believes it is a more immediate and reliable way to contact parents than the traditional letter .


Safety in Approaching the Crossing Returning to the group referred to by Network Rail , what would have happened had they dropped their companion while negotiating the level crossing gates Network Rail had locked ? Or what if someone else has simply slipped andclimbing over the level crossing gates Network Rail had locked ? Locking the gates gives rise to a whole new set of risks much more real and more serious that those it was intended to avoid .


One of GP racing 's most friendly and affable riders , away from racing Carlos prefers the outdoor life , naming mountain trekking , climbing , snowboarding and the occasional parachute jump amongst his off-track interests . Carlos Checa 's passion for motorbikes was passed down to him by his father , who was also a keen motorcyclist until hewhile rushing to the hospital where Carlos was about to be born ! Carlos eventually jumped onto his first bike at the age of nine .


Sump 1 ( Tidal Sump ) was passed in Otter Hole and was followed by a streamway and sump 2. After a fall in Lamb Leer , the insurance company settled a claim for damages resulting from the accident out of court . A caver whoin the Black Hole Series was rescued through Sump 1 in Swildons without breathing apparatus . Thrupe Lane Swallet was entered for the first time and the Manor Farm dig went .


But the Robins were still too good for Division One visitors Olney Town and dominated all over the pitch to win comfortably 3-1 . In a first half played at a good pace , Town took the lead in the 35th minute when Jamie Darby , in his first match since, was fouled in the box and converted the penalty himself . However , just two minutes later Foster equalised .


where do you fall ? You fall in a puddle , in mud , dog dirt , old chips , you, arm , both legs , both arms etc While you are on the ground a dog comes along What does the dog look like ? young fluffy puppy ?


Not good for those in boats ... Boys'/Mens ' reverence , also called , " making a leg . " Diccen mentions what happens when someone has, and its being bound up in splints by the barber surgeon , to keep it straight while it healed . Not that different from a plaster of Paris pot nowadays , really .


What about the structure of your new home ? You may put your foot through a rotten floorboard and, if that floorboard is at the top of a flight of stairs it could be much worse , or perhaps the banister is not as stable as it first appears . It could be the surveyor who failed in his duty to adequately survey the property .


I had yet to learn how to ski , but I spent a couple of week-ends there . All that surprises me now is that I did n't- or worse . Army boots are hardly inducive to quick learning .


If you arrived at the same conclusion , go to top of the class . Ok , so what if you slip in a puddle of water in a supermarket and? Is your personal injury claim a runner ?


Then disaster struck . News came that a climber on another expedition had- a serious injury at the best of times , but life-threatening when you 're 8,500 metres up Everest . With the help of a fellow-climber , the injured man had managed to struggle 200 metres down to Camp VI .


I was interested to read the article about the new pavement in Newbury and that a number of people had got their heels stuck there was a comment that someone couldand there would be hell to pay . All I can say is do n't hold your breath !


Vive Le Sport ( 15-Feb-97 ) Audrey hurts her back , but plans a speedy recovery when de Vere offers to take her skiing . Unfortunately , Richard manages towhile he 's learning to ski , so the trip has to be cancelled . Sons Of The Fathers ( 22-Feb-97 ) Is there a skeleton in Audrey 's cupboard ?


According to one report , he was confined to his chamber In February 1644 after beating up the Mayor of Oxford . Aston continued as governor of Oxford until September 1644 when hein a riding accident . Gangrene set in and the leg was amputated .


It would be splendid for the animal . Background information : when he was 12 years old , Astor was bitten by a dog andand a foot , and has thus actually been rather handicapped since then . ( 19 April 2004 ) Now after about two weeks treatment of amiQure-flexible Joints and the Rimadyl dosage reduced from a whole tablet twice a day to half a tablet twice a day , Astor is walking steadily better and gets up more easily .


We 've been having a grand old time here in Basingstoke - ice on the roundabouts , total chaos ! The good lady slipped over on the way to the chemists ( usual problem ) ,and is laid up in the cottage hospital . Bliss !


Stewart said Zahid had had an accident and Mr Nicholson , realising Zahid was seriously injured , returned to his office to raise the alarm . Stewart , from Manchester , hadoff a table and bludgeoned Zahid to death . He was covered in Zahid 's blood , and was taken to another cell , where he used the heel of his boot to scrawl a swastika and the words " Manchester just killed me padmate " .


Which Bible story , apart from the crucifixion would you use . 16 ) You have been here a month then news reaches you of a disaster at home , Your 18 year old daughter has been involved in an accident , and although she is very distressed , she is not critically injured but is suffering shock and aand is going to be in hospital for some time . Family at home say they will take care of things , but would you feel you need to take the next flight home ?


Claygate Primary School Prizewinner December 2005 ! Question answered by Dr. Eleanor Wake If an Aztec, how would ( s)he have been treated ? Eagle House Prep School Did the Aztecs have different types of chewing gum to today 's ?


Sumps 7 and 8 are easily bypassed and we soon reached the pleasant 9th sump pool . We waded around in the pool for a little while , had a look at the line going into it , considered our situation and pondered just how much of a bad idea it would be to fall off one of the climbs andat this point . The trip out was quite uneventful .


Finishing the Race In 1968 í‰äóñ the Olympics were held in Mexico City í‰äóñ the last runner to finish the marathon was a guy from Tanzania . During the race , he had. He 'd stumbled , he 'd been hurt badly , he was bruised and bloodied .


" As usual , there was tragedy behind the celebrations . Goguenard was put down afterwhen falling at the 19th fence .


" We know that although no horse in a given horse race necessarily will be the winner , it is , nevertheless , necessary that some horse in the race will be the winner " ( 1975 , 164 ) . Rowe 's example , however , fails , for it is possible that all the horsesand none finishes the race . That is , the necessity that some horse will win follows only if there is some reason to think that some horse must finish the race .


Also , there are no cracks to secure a safety rope , so you are in serious trouble if you fall . I was prepared toin my attempts to get to the top . The preparation is a long process .


Finis . Article continues This Tour will only be won when he passes the mark for 3km remaining , after which , if Armstrong crashes and, he will be adjudged to have finished with the stage winner . There is still the potential for a stray fan , a misjudged corner , or , heaven forfend , the terrorist threat that will see 2,500 police patrolling the Champs Elysí€Œ©es tomorrow .


The goalkeeper was prone too . Trainers raced to give first aid and someone shouted : ' He 's' . No one imagined for one moment that he might be referring to the goalkeeper .


This helicopter picked up a celeb and now the whole world donates . If Iand the helicopter picked me up would the whole world donate then ? I think not .


I have done both - many moves , 4 expeditions , 30 alpine seasons . I have seen deaths in my own party ; I haveand been helicopter rescued ( insurance ) . I am , I suppose lucky to be alive and am very supportive of voluntary rescue organisations .


In cases of illness , injury or where care arrangements break down , a dependant may also be someone who reasonably relies on the employee for assistance . This may be where the employee is the primary carer or is the only person who can help in an emergency ; for example , an aunt who lives nearby who the employee looks after outside work falls ill unexpectedly , or an elderly neighbour living alone who falls and. Back to Top How much time off can an employee take ?


More than 40,000 My First Novel packs have been bought since it went on sale at Sainsbury 's in the first week of December . ( Times , 20 December 2004 ) Letters home - by text Kingsland Grange preparatory school in Shrewsbury will alert parents by text to anything from the postponement of a cricket match to their child. Martin James , headteacher , believes it is a more immediate and reliable way to contact parents than the traditional letter .


He would eat polos from my mouth , loved to be cuddled and was a real gent at the races but could be naughty at home í‰äóñ he ran away with me on the gallops plenty of times . I have a photo of him on my bedroom wall and was devastated when hein what was meant to be his final race . As regards Frankie , he is a typical Italian so there is plenty of showmanship but equally , his highs and lows are extreme whether he 's at home or on camera .


Inverness brothers jailed for baseball bats attack Published : 01 August , 2006 TWO brothers who used baseball bats to attack two Smithton men -of one of their victims - were jailed at the city 's Sheriff Court on Friday . Brian ( 29 ) and Derek Macleod ( 27 ) , both of Millburn Court , Inverness , admitted the assaults on a footpath between Smithton Park and Murray Road in the early hours of 28th November last year .


They also lost in the Semi Final of the KO cup against Swindon going out 92-69 on aggreagte . There was a bleak period for Exeter when in June , Roger Lobb was suspended for 18 months , and in July , Seemond Stephenswith Wayne Barrett stepping into the side . Bobby Elderidge suffered shoulder injuries in the final month of the season just when Exeter needed a full strength side to clinch the league Title .


The gondola was dropping to the ground at the same time and I ran across . " A young girl was on the ground with a broken leg and her mum had also. The youngster was screaming for her mum and was in great pain .


December 1st , 2005 McCoy to ride Ashley Brook at Sandown More from The Times Online : FEW sights are as bracing as a two-mile chaser in full cry , and with Tony McCoy yesterday booked for Ashley Brook , there will be no loitering in the William Hill Tingle Creek Chase on Saturday . McCoy steps in to replace Paddy Brennan , the gelding 's regular rider whoin a fall at Uttoxeter last week . There should be no need for the two jockeys to talk tactics in advance .


Stewart said Zahid had had an accident and Mr Nicholson , realising Zahid was seriously injured , returned to his office to raise the alarm . Stewart , from Manchester , hadoff a table and bludgeoned Zahid to death . He was covered in Zahid 's blood , and was taken to another cell , where he used the heel of his boot to scrawl a swastika and the words " Manchester just killed me padmate " .


It would have been the start of an era if , on Thursday 16 December 1999 , training on the treacherous Corviglia piste at St Moritz , she had n't fallen . She had alreadyat 11 and an ankle at 13 , but this was different : the fall had torn her right knee to pieces . ' The big thing was the patellar ligament , that rarely breaks , or breaks in one place .


" Zappally Rules are for fools & the guidance of wise men seamonsta Religious wars are just groups of people fighting over who has the best imaginary friend icedmk2 life is not defined by how many breaths you take , it defined by the times life takes your breath away ! Z1000 Do n't come running to me when you fall and! Scottnglo I 'll do it tommorrow , but tommorrow never comes Jamie Smile , it confuses people .


For most people , most gods were however out of reach , locked in their temples and maintained by royal cults . If a baby was due , illness struck or a donkey, the state gods such as Amun or Osiris would not be able to help . Instead , people turned to more practical gods , especially at those dangerous and incomprehensible times of illness and childbirth .


Although there was some good news for us that day injury wise there was also some devastating news that I believe had a major effect on us over the next few years . A late substitution saw Derek Scott come on for his first game sinceat Rotherham earlier in the season but the player going off with an injury was young central defender Steve Kennedy , a player with great potential . Steve 's knee injury was serious , very serious , and he never regained full fitness .


Know your own limitations and do n't attempt anything you are unsure you can do . If going to any higher risk area , normal minimum party size should be three ( one to, one to stay with him/her , one to fetch help ) ; smaller parties must be agreed by a member of staff . Where ropes or steps are provided to help you on cliffs , use them .


Two mares aborted and the foals of two others were stillborn . One pregnant mare was killed when she. The thoroughbred foals who were incubated in ponies suffered muscle wastage and freakishly long and malformed legs and hooves : their ankles were bent right over on the ground .


Ian Stone likes things to be just so . But what 's the point when tomorrow , he could be blown up by a bomb , win the lottery ,, find a parking space , drown in a tsunami , fall in love , or get mugged . Control is an illusion .


Some people used to believe that some badgers grew into such monstrous beasts that they could cause terror and mayhem and destroy sheep , cattle and horses . And , no , a badger ca n't " bring down a horse at a gallop " or "of a Holstein-Friesian heifer " . Badgers can dig through Reinforced Concrete ?


" Other employees praise the multi-skilling engendered by Artsmagic . Chris Beck , 25 , was brought in as a graphic designer after graduating from university and, making him immobile and unemployable . " One day I 'm out filming and the next I 'm working on the website , " he says .


" We ca n't , " said Tip . " The Saw-Horse has, so he ca n't bend his steps . And there is no wood around to make him a new limb from .


Keep out of the way of some people because with bad results comes doomy gloomy faces . Tonight you couldice skating , fall asleep at the Lord Mayor 's Hall , or drown swimming . After saying all that the swimming was great fun , the supervisors could n't control us so they brought in Mr Coppenhall .


And now a film : the story is remarkable . Simpson , who has alreadyafter one serious fall , is left for dead after a second . But he refuses to surrender his life , escapes from a crevasse and literally crawls down the mountain alone , battered , exhausted and dehydrated to the base camp , hoping his friends have n't give up on him and started their journey home .

