There are probably plenty of reasons why people stopped buying Princesses . Most potential buyers would have been pushy sales reps , constantly late for their next meeting - and the Princess was far too stately and relaxed to cut itof the M1 against 2.0-litre Cortinas and Cavaliers . In 2,000cc form , it put out a miserable 93bhp , and no self-respecting area manager would get out of bed for less than 100bhp .

See the page for her brother , George King , 3rd Earl of Kingston . [ Works by Chris Oakley ] [ Works about Chris Oakley ] Steve " Prometheus " Hoey , The Shamen , is a man who likes to drive his Saturn S2of life 's tollway . Terminally whacky , Steve is the man of whom once was said , " Steve is a whacky guy " .


A lot has changed since then . Unfortunately , even though I now have the body of a proper , full-on couch potato , whenever I enter a swimming pool , my brain switches straight back into 14-year-old swimming team member mode , and I end up tearing awayfor two or three lengths before collapsing in a wheezing heap on the poolside . Not fair .


British drivers among most tolerant It 's the kind of thing that gets up every driver 's nose - dawdlersand people refusing to let you in . But a new survey from the AA Motoring Trust claims British drivers are among the most tolerant in Europe when it comes to other people 's annoying behaviour .


Motionhouse explodes on stage in a head-on collision with reality . Five performers race, dodging the flying debris , as their lives literally fall apart around them . Another heart in your mouth dance theatre production from Motionhouse , Driven fuses live action and film , seamlessly integrating highly physical dance , breathtaking flying and striking theatrical imagery .


( As an aside , the reason I thought reliability might be good is that a pal at work built an electronic ignition system for his old car . It broke when he was drivingof a motorway ) . So , if your bike has an electric starter , you could buy these two kits and a sensor , spend a few happy evenings soldering , and make sparks .


Automatic transmission Ìâ‰ÛÒ for crawling in the slow lane or emergencies. Emergency vehicles , such as fire tenders , have road-going performance and handling stability as priorities .


The council would like a no-overtaking rule on single-occupancy cars on the ring road . It fairly makes a case for picking up hitchhikers and speeding past. Transport commissioner Andrew Burns says multiple-occupancy lanes are used in America , forgetting the six-lane freeways where such a rule just might be applicable .


I would only say to anyone who has the same problems...i put up with it for years...if you visit here..dont wait..as far as im concerned I was immediately improving following the help I recived and wish id known about it years ago . Finally to Bob my mentor...sorry , ive lost your email address..but you know what i drive and if you happen to see mein your rear view mirror..move over cos im coming through ! !


I suppose I should be grateful that there was n't water on the road too . So , when I braked sharply ,of the motorway , in head to toe traffic , we skidded . Skidding is not fun at best of times .


No , it 's still not legal to undertake drivers who have no interest in the fact that they 've been undertaken because they 're not aware of ANY other cars on the road , let alone cars that are undertaking them . And it 's not legal to undertake drivers sittingby using the very far left lane , either , something I have never done . Not even millions of times .


My current nursery pupils will be drawing their pensions by the time this happens . Friday 20th January My car breaks downon the A1 just as I approach the Innerwick Junction . Death stares me in the face as a Blue Circle lorry bears down on meí‰äó_.I manage to get into the middle of the road and crawl up to school in 1st gear .


The first fatal accident on the Bucks section of the motorway was recorded on the 12th . December 1959 , when an airman from R.A.F. Bridgnorth - whilst overtaking a lorry and- was caught by a gust of wind which brought about a collision with a bridge . One Newport Pagnell police sergeant was killed in those early days whilst dealing with an accident .


We crossed the River Welland and rolled to a halt just where the Great North Road , the main route linking Edinburgh with London , crosses a railway line . Fine views of Stamford 's churches away to the east to be sure , but , all in all we would have been happier speeding south. The half hour wait for the car breakdown service turned out however to be improbably productive .


! " " Over there. Bet your Fiat 's never seen the fast lane !


You 're probably aware that on the motorway the speed limit is 60mph , but on all other roads that drops to 50mph , so do n't be caught out . On three- or four-lane motorways you are not permitted, but may overtake on two-lane motorways . It 's a good idea to slow down as you approach a steep descent , as the caravan is in danger of ' snaking ' if you take it too fast .


In this highly charged emotional state ( and especially this evening ) you could say something you come to regret . Tuesday 21st March 2006 It might not take much to ' get you going ' : covering anything from drivingcarelessly , to making a purchase that seems right now but might not do later this week . In love you could experience a real high : in other areas of your life , the need for excitement could get you into hot water .


I 've had plenty of practice at the emergency stop and I like driving fast on dual carriageways ( as long as I remember my blind spot when pulling out - forgotten a few times ) . It 's likely I 'll get a cross over on the dual carriageway too - I do n't like them - it 's the stallingof the dual carriageway that 's scary . Town driving is n't too bad , apart from the zebra crossings and hitting the curbs .


Joking besides we had a wonderful time and thank John & Kath for their hospitality . The new van Skidmark performed without a hitch and got us to our destination in record time , travellingto give us hammered coins . Next month we 'll tell you about our next trip when one of us got six hammered in two days and a lovely silver buckle was unearthed .


Now we all now how rovers tend to break . For example my dads bonnet catch went and he ended up having the bonnet go through the motorway! and another who has a 200 diesel ahd head gasket problems within a couple of weeks of having it .


You only have to experience a Spanish motorway ( autopista ) to see the problem . Machismo still rules among drivers in Spain and a favourite game is to intimidate anyoneby driving right up to your bumper to force you to pull across into a slower lane . If you hesitate at a junction or a roundabout , even for a second , you will be " tooted " .
