Step left to a good foothold . Make a difficult pull up and right , and pull2 metres right of the break containing the block ( Earl Street ). Finish up a deep groove which contains a flake-edged block . 4. The Haunted Smear 15m E3 * Start below the centre of the steep , smooth wall just right of the curving flake of All Along The Watch Tower .


Anything worth doing is worth doing slowly . - Mae West You know it 's going to be a bad day when ... your pet rock snaps at you. your twin forgets your birthday. your answering machine tells you it 's none of your business. you try start your car and are ejectedof your garage. you get struck by lightening on a sunny day . Deja moo : the strange feeling that you 've milked this cow before .


The engine hoist will also be in the middle section of the loft hung from the apex of the roof . This means I can lift engines into the loft and lift the engine out of the Minor. I have never done building work before so research was required .


Like it or not there are occasions when the best solution to venting a soil pipe , bathroom or kitchen is to duct it out. To achieve this , ventilation tile or slate provides the neatest and simplest interface with the roof covering to ensure the roof remains watertight .


" My parents were humble working folk , " he writes , but the stock phrase is barely adequate . All 10 Maradonas occupied a three-room lean-to where the only running water was the torrent that came( " you got wetter inside than out " ) . The obsession with football seems utterly innate ; no memories precede it , and no other interests compete with it .


Forgive the late posting and outrageously short diary entry this month I 'm up to my neck in a moon-borne Cabin Fever like period of dark insanity . Must fly , something has just crashedof the west tower ; there 's blood and feathers everywhere . Until next month .


" Freddy has been mentioned in despatches three times . Once , a shell burstof the signallers dugout and did not explode . It was a good size one too .


The long cable runs also meant that the originally envisaged cable sizes had to be increased to account for the volt drop . " This led to such a high volume of cables that we could n't physically get them allvoid - we only had a couple of small trunkings that come through - these are now quite well disguised . But the bulk of the production lighting cable had to come up through the main risers at the back of the building .


But there are other forces in Venezuela . Before Chavez hammered open the door of the Presidential palace with the ballot box , he tried droppingwith a gun in his hand . In 1992 the paratrooper Hugo Chavez attempted a coup the likes of which he was the temporary victim of a decade later .


Q : Does Reference3D include a DEM or a DTM ? A : The processing of stereoscopic images ( space or aerial ) naturally produces a DEM , because neither the operator nor the matching software can see the ground itselfand leaves . If a DTM is really requested , a very labour intensive correction process has to be undergone , to eliminate the trees and buildings , and we cannot guaranty the accuracy of the result without field checking .


More than half the game involves the use of vehicles , which range from a police bike and police cars to actual Skynet vehicles . When close to another vehicle Arnie can leap aboard , taking control by whatever method , be it crashingand grabbing the wheel or interfacing with an onboard computer . Again , pretty cool at first , but it does n't add much to the game .


. A rocket AA shell exploded and wentof High House Cottage Farm , West Boldon , causing damaging the house. off Northumberland coast . .


The message comes from Horsham District Council as weather experts are predicting one of the coldest winters in many years . An uninsulated home loses approximately 35 % of heat through the walls and a further 25 %. Insulation helps stop the heat escaping which ultimately saves energy and money .


How can we show the value we place on friendships in the way we are and what we do today ? Read from Mark or Luke about the friends who worked together to lower their sick friendto see Jesus . Sometimes friends are important because together they can do something that one person on their own could not do .


Shoesmith mentions seeing James Painter breaking the banisters of the staircase while the rest of the mob were breaking up doors , tearing out windows and taking down the ceilings . Mr Lickfold talks of seeing them putting their sticks" till the dust looked like smoke " . After that they made their way through the roof and began to remove the tiles , stripping some 40,000 to 50,000 off in all .


Because the biggest beam has put on weight - it is now 354kg . I 've had enough though and am off to be abstract somewhere far enough away not to be able to get back when the crane drops a beamof my Inner Coven , or takes out the overhead telephone line ( luckily not the broadband one ) or the electricity wires . Mr BW has rearranged things and is able to work from home , so he 's in charge today .


It is possible for a well-equipped household to not only have zero electricity bills but to actually make a profit year after year . More information from the UK Solar Energy Society Insulating your home In a typical British home , around one-third of the heat produced by a central heating system is rapidly lost, ceiling and walls . But simple insulation measures can eliminate this loss almost completely .


The tower was built in 1414 . At one time there was a spire on top but this was struck by lightning and fell, demolishing the north aisle . Between 1870 and 1876 the church was extensively restored using much of the old stone .


This is because the engine sits under the windscreen . The engine goes in. Nothing is simple with this car !


You 'll be pleased to hear that Jim the human 's back is better . He fellof one of the sheds a couple of weeks ago , much to the amusement of some of the lads in the top shed . It seems he took a knock to the head as well because he went of to Wales for a week , dragging poor Delia up and down mountains in the rain. Ìâ‰ÛÏWhy does he always seem to want to get to the highest point he possible can,Ìâ‰Û was what she said to me when she got back .


I thanked them for the cigarettes and wandered back through the mud to my bivouac which by now , was under about six inches of water . Sleep seemed impossible but I crawled in and settling down in mud and water , lay looking at the drops of water comingof the bivouac and dropping on top of me . Somehow or other , I dropped off to sleep .


. AA shell fellof printers Andrew Reid , Strawberry House , it exploded in the Machine Room on the top floor damaging machinery and fittings . Fractured water system .


The original teaser involved a short scene from the film in which a group of school children are being taken around a Natural History museum . Just as the tour guide is proclaiming the Tyrannosaurus Rex skeleton behind him to be from ' earth most fearsome predator ' the foot of Godzilla comes, crushing it to pieces . This teaser served two purposes .


My only visit to the Meeting House was to the local Parish Meeting about twenty years ago by which time it was in a very poor state . The floor and walls had subsided and rainwater had come in. By that time it was evident that the cost of repairs would have been considerable and the only option would have been demolition and rebuilding .


As this is outdoors , there is unlikely to be any risk of serious exposure to asbestos fibres . However , asbestos cement sheets can be fragile so take care to avoid falling. If you do decide to dismantle your garage roof , the work should be carried out in accordance with Health and Safety Executive ( HSE ) guidance in Working with asbestos cement .


Candle Books Ìâå£ 6.99 Pop- Up Bible Adventures Six favourite Bible stories re-told with the help of vibrant pop up feature for each story . Daniel in the Lions den , Noah and the Ark , Jesus calms the storm , David and Goliath , Jesus heals a man, Joshua . Candle Books Ìâå£ 6.99 The Woman Who Outran the Devil Shirley Baskett This powerful account of a life utterly changed will prove an encouragement to all who have lost hope .


The drop continues immediately as a 15m pit down to another large ledge containing a pool and then a 40m wet pitch . After passing a ledge , the last 25m is a superb but wet hang into blacknessof a large chamber . What at first appears to be the floor is a jumble of house-sized blocks , the landing being in a calcited pit from which the water sinks and is not seen again .


A smaller bomb also fell in this vicinity . An UXB or aircraft shell wentof a house and penetrated the soft ground under the floorboards . Night 849 .


It was restored in 1891 , at which time oak choir stalls were added and the church re-floored to install hot air heating system . Architecture Church consists of nave and chancel roofed in one , a south porch and a shingled belfry risingat the west end of nave . Church is aligned north-east/south-west but for purposes of this record ' ecclesiastical east ' is adopted .


Boiler : Replacing a 15-year old model could save you over 20 % on your fuel bills , around 32 % if you 're installing a condensing boiler and up to 40 % if you also install good heating controls.ÌâåÊ Wall and Loft Insulation : This can be the most cost-effective way to save energy around the home . Up to 33 % of the heat in your home is lost through the walls and 20 %. Free grants and discounts are available for cavity wall and loft insulation .


Everything proceeds as family life should , until one night at around midnight , disaster strikes . This disaster takes the shape of a '747 ' passenger jet engine which crashesof their house , destroying and crushing everything in Donnie 's bedroom . Luckily , Donnie is not in the bedroom at the time , because he was woken up a few minutes previously by a demonic looking figure in a rabbit 's outfit , who got Donnie out of bed in good time .


Rate this route : National Classic Local Classic Great route Good OK Crappy Add Comment Lemur 13m E3 FA : Not known Type of Climb : summer ( 6a ) . Strenuous and sensational climbing up the sharp arete andright of Dirl Chimney finishing right then left . Rate this route : National Classic Local Classic Great route Good OK Crappy Add Comment Gibbon in Wonderland 13m HVS FA : Not known Type of Climb : summer A classic of the ilk !


I remember the time when Alex was working on the cowshed roof . He 'd excavated similar buildings from the period , but it was only when handling the materials , slotting bendy hazel rodsbeams to create a mesh for the thatch , that he gradually appreciated the various properties and so potential of his tool-kit . Back in the 17th century , wood was a resource of paramount importance .


This three-star hotel comprises 26 apartments built in the Spanish colonial style with whitewashed corridors radiating from a central lobby . All arrivals must nudge past an ancient lime tree that continues its climb through two floors and upvia a skylight . Throughout the hotel , there is wonderful use of tropical light and dramatic flowers , such as helliconia , which are immensely soothing .


A narrow rift opening in the wall of the aven leads to a climb which reaches two further avens , neither of which have been climbed . In wet weather , water enters at the top of the climb andof the first aven . The right-hand route is more complex .


Between the eight pinnacles are eight figures ; these are carved in front only , the backs being left plain . They have been variously described as kings , knights , evangelists and pilgrims.The pinnacles have crashedon at least five occasions . On the buttresses at the angles of the tower are canopied niches two of which contain statues and , at the south-west angle and at a lower level , a figure that has sometimes been identified , improbably , as Henry VII .


By following these five simple guidelines you could save hundreds of pounds and help reduce climate change . Insulation : Make sure that your home is well insulated to stop your heat escapingand walls . Cavity wall insulation and loft insulation can cut Ìâå£ 100 per year from your heating bill .


There is a relation existing between everything that has gone before and everything that follows . A stone is dislodged from a mountainside and crashesof a cottage in the valley below . At first sight , we may regard this as a chance effect , but when we examine the matter we find a great chain of causes behind it .


Note that in the diagram at left , support is provided at ceiling level . The diagram at right shows how the chimney is made fully weatherproof by means of an angled flashing at the point where it emerges.


What had caused the fire was nothing of a mystery although it was thought it started in the gallery at the west end . One opinion was that it may have been caused by the large heating stove which was at the west end of the north aisle from which the flue ran up, although the woodwork was not so badly damaged there . There was more damage on the south side .


Equally important is being careful to avoid unnecessary heat losses or overheating and consideration can be given to reducing these and saving money and also helping to reduce the effects of climate change . In a typical British home , around one-third of the heat produced by a central heating system is rapidly lost, ceiling and walls . This does not have to happen : simple insulation measures can eliminate this loss almost completely .


Few houses in England needed more heating and few had less . Plumbing was primitive and the water supply undependable , more always seeming to be coming inthan through the taps . And electricity was home-made ; it could just about manage electric light , but the smallest electric appliance was beyond it .


For roof integration , an especially thin absorber is used manufactured from stainless steel . The flow and return pipes and sensor cable passbehind the collector hence these items are left out of view for a particularly clean , slimline look . The collector sits on top of the main roof timbers , providing high durability against the elements without compromising the strength of the roof .


For a while they lived with neighbours , who built them a tiny house . Sylvine is grateful for the shelter but the rain comes in. Now aged 16 she cannot read or write and spends her days looking after her siblings , working in the fields and preparing their meals .


KermitTheFrag 29th November 2001 , 09:22 ok here goes the fun bit ... . I had 6 teeth removed under general anaesthetic. basically wisdom teeth plus two growingof my mouth . It didnt hurt a bit ( because I was out cold ) at the time - the main problem was having my gob stitched together... yummy .


Ramon slips barely catching Kimet 's trouser leg ( after gashing Aran 's new trousers ) . They find to their horror that the shaft ends as a direct dropof a vast throne room inside the pyramid . Sethos sits on his throne flanked by black , lioness statues and with an honour guard of 50 stone warriors who bring the unfortunate captured dead before him .


Behind this platform were the living quarters of the Captain in charge . The whole building was heated by large coke burning stoves with iron chimneys. On Sundays , services were conducted by the officer in charge ( it was the Church Army ) but local people always used the whole building on other days as well .


My neighbours two doors away said that one of the burglars was hiding in their attic and that the police were about to arrest him . He had broken in, by pulling up some tiles and kicking his way through the laths and roofing felt to gain entry . My neighbours had no idea that he was there .


I rang Gilli to find that her situation was even worse . The water was only two steps below her front door & was also pouringin the middle of the house . Her car was submerged up to the windows & she was generally more worried than I....in fact I felt much better to be the reassuring one .


All simplicity itself .lights are intriguing glimpses of Dalek-like ventilation snouts on the roof . When the building needs cooling , flaps at the bottom of these open automatically , allowing air to be drawn through the interior ( some are fan-assisted to cope with very hot weather ) .


Councilor Richard Roberts , of Warbreck ward , witnessed the blaze . He said : " There was a lot of smoke and flames shooting upof the building . I was passing and the fire brigade were already here .


Two male adults were slightly injured by splinters from a cannon shell fired from an enemy aircraft near the entrance to the Corporation Depot , West Hartlepool . A cannon shell was also firedand ceiling of 155 Westbourne Road , West Hartlepool . Co Durham .


Digest of Citation reads : On 12th August 1857 at Neemuch , India , Captain Blair volunteered to apprehend seven or eight armed mutineers who had shut themselves up in a house . He burst open the door and after a fierce encounter during which he was severely wounded , the rebels escaped. In spite of his wounds he pursued , but was unable to catch them .


Jesus meets our needs Revise the story of Jesus healing the paralytic from Mark 2:1-12 , using a puppet for the healed paralytic and either a second puppet , or a person as a reporter . Devise a sketch where the healed man answers questions about the friends who took him to Jesus , his dramatic entrance, the encounter with Jesus and the happy scene when he got home to his family . New life is a gift !


Slight damage was caused to residential property . There were three UXBs : one in the front garden of a house in Hendon Burn Avenue , one in Back Ward Street and one which wentand into the basement of a house in Athol Road . 21.25 .


When you insulate your home , you reduce the rate at which heat is lost, walls , floors , windows and doors . Less heat has to be produced to keep rooms at the required temperature , heating bills will be reduced and you will conserve energy .


Most of the town buildings were timber-framed . Some may have had detached kitchens in their gardens , or people may have cooked over the central fire which heated the main room of the house , with the smoke escaping. The fire risk was considerable , and the curfew bell from the Clock Tower sounded each night to warn householders to cover their fire for the night with a metal or pottery cover .


I asked for time to think about it as this would be an important reunion . Anyway I agreed and in 1992 a small group of us renovated the Admin building , refelting the roof etc. as there had been several large water leaks. We repainted the walls and ceiling of the large operations room and three smaller office rooms and also one for the NAAFI and alleyways , replastering where necessary .


Ten HEs and twenty-four IBs fell in the vicinity of Sedgefield Railway Station . One incendiary bomb fellof a house in a timber yard at the station causing slight damage . The remainder of the IBs fell in open space and caused no damage .


The land to the west of the field is built up in stepped layers to connect nearly seamlessly with the roof of the building . You enter the building either at ground level from the city side to the east , orif you 're approaching from the park side . In true Bow-Wow fashion , the building sets out to disturb conventional orderings .


The friend did . During the night , however , he was having a look round and he fellabove the projection room , and he was killed . He fell behind the screen , right down to the basement .


It has suffered from some fairly substantial vandalism and looks a bit sorry for itself , however is in sound structural condition . It shows no sign of water leakageor body , and is generally intact . A fair amount of work will be required to return the unit to traffic , in particular new windows ( they have all been smashed ) .


Kath Lever was the conductor on the trams and she would stop the tram on a trip down Deane Road and call at my dads with the change . While asleep one night the chimney cameand everyone thought I was hurt . Another time my brother Bill was lighting a fire in the clubroom and my mam was having a party .


Take care arranging good gear before committing to the overhang . 1 ) Climb to and, move up a bit then right to climb the wall above ( as for Raven 's Wing ) to belay on a large ledge ( atop the chimney of Raven 's Gully ) . 2 ) Finish as you want !


The dogs are often fitted with electronic bleepers on their collars , to enable the diggers to locate where to dig . Once located , they proceed and digof the sett to expose the Badger . Once removed two possible fates await it both usually lead to the violent death of the creature : The badger may either be beaten or tormented at the set location OR Taken away to be used for ' baiting ' fights .


" The design incorporates not only the latest technology but also some tried and tested ideas . By utilising the simple law of nature that hot air rises , the store will literally breathe for itself by drawing in cool air at ground level at the same rate as warm air rises and is ` breathed out '. This is similar to the Roman system for central heating .


PR 2. Pet cemetery ( 7a ) ** the first of the roof routes and a classic . Hard off ledge , then jug haulingstack . REBOLTED AND RECLEANED .


Read More ... . 2003 2002 Joe McCloskey Father-of-five Joe McCloskey , 50 , suffered extensive burns after fallingof a storeroom at the back of the Gorteen House Hotel in Limavady . Read More ... .


. A PhIB fellof one of the Aged Miners ' Homes , Ryhope , but failed to explode and caused no casualties . At the same time a UXPM fell on the Sea Banks at Ryhope , near to the Sunderland-West Hartlepool LNER line causing traffic on this line to be temporarily suspended .


Shortly afterwards , she was in a serious accident ; her car flipped over in an LA canyon and caught fire . Harris escaped. ' I was in intensive care , ' she says .


Dudley MBC have for years been carrying out a massive civil engineering program to infill mines in the area with cement grout to prevent subsidence - fortunately quite rare - sudden appearance of holes in the ground ! Dry mines are filled by drilling downand pumping in liquid grout and allowing it to set . The treatment of flooded mine workings requires the water to be displaced during the infilling operation and discharged to foul sewer .


If you shower before going to bed the water is still warm and in the mornings it is just tepid , ( apart from the first cold bit out of the pipe ) . In daytime natural light comesvent and at night interior lights are more than adequate to allow you to see . The most expensive items are the shower curtains , ( 2 at 6 ' x 6 ' , big enough for a generous overlap ) .


To the west of Hamna Voe , the island 's spectacular western cliffs come into view , carved with arches and caves and punctuated with stacks and skcrrics . Two large holes , set back slightly from the cliffs ' edge , dropof perhaps the most famous of the Papa Stour caves , known as Kirstan Hole . Look down through the holes and you can see waves breaking on the beach at the back of the cave , but take care it 's a long way down !


Which basically means that on a shallow pitch roof you do n't have to take it so high and on a steep pitch roof the flue has to go much higher . As a rough guide , on a 45* roof pitch the flue would have to go 2300mm above the point where it penetrates. Ventilation Fixed ventilation must be provided when installing any solid fuel stove which has an output higher than 5kws .


There are racists here . " Permjit 's other brother Amarjit Shoker , of Gwalchmai , said : " Someone sprayed a Nazi sign on the side of the building and people have tried to get in. " My family should not have to go through this hell in this day and age .


It expresses certain characteristics of God . 1. His ability ( perhaps not the best word ) to see and know everything , ie omniscience , although taken literally God would not be able to seeof houses , much less be " perfect in knowledge " ( Job 37:16 ) . 2. His power , although that image may imply a finite amount of power .


Ian Parnell and John Arran 20/9/96 Trevallen Roof of the World E6/7 1. 6b Start as for Horizontal Pleasures in the back right corner of the cave . Pull on and traverse left for 30 ft , then follow a groove and crack systemto the large capping overhang . Swing left to clip The Family 's second peg and finish as for that route .


George Anderson , who lived above the shop , said that when he was able to get back into his home that morning he had felt in a cupboard for his slippers but had not found them -there was no floor in the cupboard . It would seem that the bomb had gone, down through an upstairs cupboard and into a cupboard in the shop below . There it had been hidden all day .


Westclox : 1955 Clocks back Westclox , Clocks back Westclox ... [ repeated to the rhythm of a ticking clock at the end of British Summer Time ] Zanussi : June 1980 Scene : A warehouse . A large wooden crate falls; the crate ( labelled The Planet Zanussi ) falls apart to reveal a fridge freezer . Brian ( in charge ) : Right , where 's this lot from then Colin ?


Rather than simply positioning the bridge to the west of the main building , the SR has seemingly taken passenger convenience into account by having the stair well immediately adjacent to the building entrance . On the ' ' up ' ' side , this provides the interesting spectacle of the bridge 's stair flight descendingof the canopy . What electrification did do was cut journey times to and from the capital by a significant amount .


. 1. Do n't go in - defensive firefighting is definitley called for 2. Ventilate 3. If you really feel you must enter then use TIC 4. Only need a couple of aerials to pour waterso we look to be doing something. and never , never use guidelines My posts reflect my personal views and beliefs and not those of my employer . If I offend anyone it is usually unintentional , please be kind .


By-&-by they comes back & O lor they did pull it to pieces . They pulled all the flooring up , & destroyed everything & put their stickstill the dust looked like smoke , & then they sacked the place . Oh , I 'm deuced glad I had nothing to do with it .


The 1463 fire In January 1362 , a hurricane whipped its furious way around the city of Norwich . It reached the cathedral and brought the wooden spire crashing down, almost destroying the original Norman building ! The worst natural disaster was probably the fire of 1463 , which was caused by a lightning bolt striking the wooden spire .


By 1983 it had been overhauled and returned to service as the Railway 's coach for disabled persons . However , in 1985 it was withdrawn from service with serious water penetrationIn 1986 the Croydon Group of the Mid-Hants Railway Preservation Society decided to adopt the renovation of the vehicle as their project . Over the following three years members of the Group gave up their free time to work on the vehicle .


The Revd Irvine said : í‰äóìIt is a significant achievement to have the roof repaired and the copper cladding restored . When the storms hit Coventry recently water came in under doors and over gutters - but not a drip came. We are immensely grateful to English Heritage for their support and are delighted to celebrate their commitment to Coventry Cathedral today. '

